docs: add helpful message about `--default-repo` (#6891)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: examples/hot-reload/README.md

#### Init

```bash
skaffold dev [--default-repo docker.io/my-repo]
```

> You'll need to specify `--default-repo` to push to a repo you own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When pushing to a remote cluster, you may need to specify `--default-repo` to push to a repo you own.
```

> You'll need to specify `--default-repo` to push to a repo you own.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're not running against a local cluster like `minikube` or `kind`, then you'll need to specify `--default-repo` to push to an image repository of your own.
```

> The default value for `--default-repo` is `docker.io/library/`.

Reviewer: This isn't correct. The behaviour you're seeing is a result of Docker's naming conventions.
A simple image name like `openjdk` or `golang` (doesn't have a registry or repository) is implicitly considered to be a [Docker Official Image](https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/official_images/), which are located at `docker.io/library/<image>`.

We could have an explanation here, but it would need to be copied across the examples.  It's better to put the description in `examples/README.md` instead.

Author: ah i see it's already in `examples/README.md`. thanks, I didn't see that.
